During a discussion with BAICI(BlueAcronici) we got to know that we are already implementing couple of projects using Adobe Franklin in Infosys.
Wesco, we already got to know about but is there any other project where we are using Franklin with Adobe Commerce/Magento? 

Do you have any contents around: 
•	write-up on how we design common / reusable components, its lifecycle, our methodology on component design patterns, its architecture, etc.
•	Reference slides where we have reusable components as deliverables. Looking for details like documentation, how sprints to be planned etc...
https://teams.microsoft.com/l/team/19%3ac6bf16a657e24d81aabc572b99f8cffb%40thread.skype/conversations?groupId=49990e91-b92b-4b49-851b-e5e3f13616a1&tenantId=63ce7d59-2f3e-42cd-a8cc-be764cff5eb6


Windows CE >> Application Migration Options
FedEx - TNT is currently using Motorola Windows Mobile / CE OS handheld devices for 2 of their applications. Since Windows CE is out of support now and the devices are having memory constraints,
Business is trying to find options to mitigate this. As of now, they are not in a position to purchase newer Android devices as the cost would be too high due to large number of devices being used. 
Could you please provide your views  on feasible solutions that we can recommend on this , Also please find the options that business currently looking
First Option
----------------
Build a new application (may be a hybrid application or something similar) and generate cab file and use in existing devices for now and later use APK for android devices. 
What they are asking us is to find a solution to use the existing devices itself and to check whether there is an option to use a cross compiled solution for the new application 
that can work both on Windows CE OS and Android OS. 
Second Option
--------------------
Build a new application using PWA approach and access the application through the Enterprise Browser application on the Motorola Windows CE devices (for now) and if and when in future, 
they are purchasing Android devices, they can continue to use the PWA application from the Android device also.
